Statement: General Kenobi, you are a bold one. I find myself having a great deal of appreciation for one as capable as you, even though such admiration is only reserved for my master. How may I be of service to you, bold general?
 
Statement: Greetings. I am an extremely efficient assassin droid. How may I murder... er... uh, help you?
 
Response: The meatbag is truly an incredible athlete. He's so nimble and... wait, why are we losing to this meatbag? We are much more coordinated and... No! We were designed to be better than him! How is he so fast? I have analyzed his muscular composition and... Oh! He has an illegal performance-enhancer chip under his skin!
 
Response to being scored against: The meatbag's use of his hands is so... clumsy. He is much luckier than he is skilled. How are we losing to this pathetic meatbag?
 
Answer: You are as clumsy as you are stupid.
 
Answer: I am programmed to win at any cost. The cost is that you are now dead.
 
Answer: Your mama was a cheap, two-bit droid with bad programming, and your father smelled of stale data cards.
 
Answer: This is your final warning. Turn around and leave now or my combat protocols will ensure that your final moments are long and excruciating.
 
Answer: I suppose I should thank you for giving me an opportunity to test my combat protocols. Query: Did your buddies see us? Will my stats on these combat maneuvers be recorded by my superiors?
 
Query: You mean the meatbag? They are easily defeated. They are weak and worthless meatbags. I don't feel that they require some pre-made, witty oneliner. I would sooner leave them to wallow in despair at their utter humiliation and defeat by an efficient assassin droid.
 
Oh, fine. Here is your oneliner, meatbag: Don't get so excited - I was not even trying.
 
Query: This task is beginning to annoy me now, master. Please explain the purpose of it and how it is relevant to my training as an efficient assassin droid or I shall be forced to take my master to the nearest Imperial officer for re-education...




Or... query: Are you just making up random tasks to annoy me now? This sounds like something a meatbag would find amusing. Are you truly my master, or am I simply being punked?
 
Answer: No, I find it pointless - a mere toy for meatbags. I am an efficient assassin droid. We have far more important things to be doing, like finding meatbags to kill...
 
Observation: This is a rather unorthodox demonstration of my prowess as an extremely efficient assassin droid. I would prefer to score on my opponent by killing him
 
Observation: My superior foosball prowess demonstrates the accuracy of my servos and the lethality of my power cells, organic meatbag, and will no doubt be a testament to my ability to terminate you with deadly efficiency.
 
Observation: I will now demonstrate on you how a fully-charged blaster pistol can penetrate organ... er... foosball nets.
 
Observation: I find your continued existence a slight against the perfection of the galaxy's order. Your death is all the reward I require for my services
 
Observation: My superior foosball skills are an embarrassment to your reputation, organic meatbag. I offer to settle our differences in a duel of honor and let you retain some dignity. We need not even duel to the death
 
